Add `sailor` and `safety posters` to human news, plus misc human news (#8814)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/news.txt

			"Did you know that humans used to rely on explosive fuel mixtures to propel them into orbit? Imagine how mad you'd have to be to do that!"
			"We recently put a restored 20th-century shipping container on display. You can hardly tell the difference from the ones in use today! Isn't historical inertia fascinating?"
			"Every so often, we get contacted by someone shady wishing to donate something to our museum."
			"Much of human technological progress has been driven by a desire to more effectively induce entropy in one's opponents."

> 			"Did you know Cleopatra lived more closely in time to the invention of the hyperdrive than the building of the pyramids?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"Did you know Cleopatra lived closer in time to the invention of the hyperdrive than the building of the pyramids?"
```

			"Can you tell me again which planet this is? No, I'm not lost, I just don't know where I am."
			"We did a ride on an ancient spacecraft the other day. It was called something like Soyuz or Shuttle Dragon. I don't remember the name exactly, but it was horrible; my back still hurts from the bumpy ride."
			"I almost missed my transport last week; someone was wrong on the hypernet and I was in a long, heated discussion to correct it."

> 			"Hey! Where's Platform ${digit}? I need to board there in a few minutes!"

Reviewer: I don't understand exactly how the substitutions work, but there's a `"platform number"` phrase in this file that should probably be used here.

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. It has been implemented  with the latest commit.

If you're interested in the new substitution/interpolation syntax, it is documented [here](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/wiki/WritingConversations#text)

> 			"Hey! Where's Platform ${platform number}? I need to board there in a few minutes!"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Hey! Where's platform ${platform number}? I need to board there in a few minutes!"
```
See line 1834 - looks like platform isn't capitalized there, might as well make it consistent.
